Document to backup the governance-policy-database secret (#6356)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: governance/compliance_history.adoc

CREATE DATABASE "rhacm-policy-compliance-history" WITH OWNER="rhacm-policy-compliance-history";
----

> . Create the `governance-policy-database` `Secret` resource to use this database for the policy compliance history API. Note, this approach depends on the network policies of the {product-title-short} hub cluster. Run the following commands:

Author: The sentence with `Note...` must be kept with the `If the PostgreSQL server ...` sentence. The current PR puts this sentence out of context.

> . Create the `governance-policy-database` `Secret` resource to use this database for the policy compliance history API. Note, this approach depends on the network policies of the {product-title-short} hub cluster. Run the following commands:

Author: ```suggestion
. Create the `governance-policy-database` `Secret` resource to use this database for the policy compliance history API. Run the following commands:
```

+
[source,bash]
----
oc -n open-cluster-management create secret generic governance-policy-database \ <1>
    --from-literal="user=rhacm-policy-compliance-history" \
    --from-literal="password=rhacm-policy-compliance-history" \
    --from-literal="host=<replace with host name of the Postgres server>" \ <2>
    --from-literal="dbname=ocm-compliance-history" \
  --from-literal="sslmode=verify-full" \
    --from-file="ca=<replace>" <3>

> oc -n open-cluster-management label secret governance-policy-database cluster.open-cluster-management.io/backup="" <4>

Reviewer: This seems like another command. Will the user copy both commands or do they need to run commands separately? @mprahl

Author: Both approaches work fine.

----
+

> <1> Add the namespace where {product-title-short} is installed. By default, the `Secret` resource is installed in the `open-cluster-management` namespace.

Author: ```suggestion
<1> Add the namespace where {product-title-short} is installed. By default, {product-title-short} is installed in the `open-cluster-management` namespace.
```

> <2> Add the host name of the PostgresQL server. If you deployed the PostgreSQL server on the {product-title-short} hub cluster and it is not exposed outside of the cluster, you can use the `Service` object for the host value. The format is `<service name>.<namespace>.svc`.

Author: ```suggestion
<2> Add the host name of the PostgresQL server. If you deployed the PostgreSQL server on the {product-title-short} hub cluster and it is not exposed outside of the cluster, you can use the `Service` object for the host value. The format is `<service name>.<namespace>.svc`. Note, this approach depends on the network policies of the {product-title-short} hub cluster.
```

> <3> You must specify the Certificate Authority certificate file in the `ca` data field, which is used to sign the TLS certificate of the PostgreSQL. If you do not provide this value, you must change the _sslmode_ value accordingly, though it is not recommended since it reduces the security of the database connection.

Author: ```suggestion
<3> You must specify the Certificate Authority certificate file in the `ca` data field, which is used to sign the TLS certificate of the PostgreSQL server. If you do not provide this value, you must change the _sslmode_ value accordingly, though it is not recommended since it reduces the security of the database connection.
```

CREATE DATABASE "rhacm-policy-compliance-history" WITH OWNER="rhacm-policy-compliance-history";
----

> . Create the `governance-policy-database` `Secret` resource to use this database for the policy compliance history API. Run the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create the `governance-policy-database` `Secret` resource to use this database for the policy compliance history API. Run the following command:
```

+
[source,bash]
----
oc -n open-cluster-management create secret generic governance-policy-database \ <1>
    --from-literal="user=rhacm-policy-compliance-history" \
    --from-literal="password=rhacm-policy-compliance-history" \
    --from-literal="host=<replace with host name of the Postgres server>" \ <2>
    --from-literal="dbname=ocm-compliance-history" \
  --from-literal="sslmode=verify-full" \
    --from-file="ca=<replace>" <3>
----
+
<1> Add the namespace where {product-title-short} is installed. By default, {product-title-short} is installed in the `open-cluster-management` namespace.
<2> Add the host name of the PostgresQL server. If you deployed the PostgreSQL server on the {product-title-short} hub cluster and it is not exposed outside of the cluster, you can use the `Service` object for the host value. The format is `<service name>.<namespace>.svc`. Note, this approach depends on the network policies of the {product-title-short} hub cluster.

> <3> You must specify the Certificate Authority certificate file in the `ca` data field, which is used to sign the TLS certificate of the PostgreSQL server. If you do not provide this value, you must change the _sslmode_ value accordingly, though it is not recommended since it reduces the security of the database connection.

Author: ```suggestion
<3> You must specify the Certificate Authority certificate file in the `ca` data field that signed the TLS certificate of the PostgreSQL server. If you do not provide this value, you must change the _sslmode_ value accordingly, though it is not recommended since it reduces the security of the database connection.
```

CREATE DATABASE "rhacm-policy-compliance-history" WITH OWNER="rhacm-policy-compliance-history";
----

> . Create the `governance-policy-database` `Secret` resource in the namespace where {product-title-short} is installed. This is the `open-cluster-management` namespace by default and the example commands specify this as the namespace. This `Secret` resource instructs {product-title-short} to utilize this database for the policy compliance history API. If the PostgreSQL server is deployed on the {product-title-short} hub cluster and it is not exposed outside of the cluster, the `Service` object created for it can be used for the host value. The format is `<service name>.<namespace>.svc`. Note that this approach depends on the network policies of the {product-title-short} hub cluster. Run the following commands:

Reviewer 2: A little long for a step, I wonder if we can break this up somehow

Reviewer: Made updates, resolving this

> . Create the `governance-policy-database` `Secret` resource in the namespace where {product-title-short} is installed. This is the `open-cluster-management` namespace by default and the example commands specify this as the namespace. This `Secret` resource instructs {product-title-short} to utilize this database for the policy compliance history API. If the PostgreSQL server is deployed on the {product-title-short} hub cluster and it is not exposed outside of the cluster, the `Service` object created for it can be used for the host value. The format is `<service name>.<namespace>.svc`. Note that this approach depends on the network policies of the {product-title-short} hub cluster. Run the following commands:

Reviewer: I agree, I can imagine adding more sample references

[source,bash]
----
oc -n open-cluster-management create secret generic governance-policy-database \ <1>
    --from-literal="user=rhacm-policy-compliance-history" \
    --from-literal="password=rhacm-policy-compliance-history" \
    --from-literal="host=<replace with host name of the Postgres server>" \ <2>
    --from-literal="dbname=ocm-compliance-history" \
  --from-literal="sslmode=verify-full" \
    --from-file="ca=<replace>" <3>
oc -n open-cluster-management label secret governance-policy-database cluster.open-cluster-management.io/backup="" <4>
----
+
<1> Add the namespace where {product-title-short} is installed. By default, the `Secret` resource is installed in the `open-cluster-management` namespace.
<2> Add the host name of the PostgresQL server. If you deployed the PostgreSQL server on the {product-title-short} hub cluster and it is not exposed outside of the cluster, you can use the `Service` object for the host value. The format is `<service name>.<namespace>.svc`.
<3> You must specify the Certificate Authority certificate file in the `ca` data field, which is used to sign the TLS certificate of the PostgreSQL. If you do not provide this value, you must change the _sslmode_ value accordingly, though it is not recommended since it reduces the security of the database connection.
<4> Use the `cluster.open-cluster-management.io/backup` label to backup the `Secret` resource for a {product-title-short} hub cluster restore operation.

Reviewer: Excuse the formatting, but i am using the same .adoc syntax
<img width="776" alt="Screenshot 2024-04-30 at 10 35 34 AM" src="https://github.com/stolostron/rhacm-docs/assets/60616885/a77c1398-bf61-42b7-8ef2-3a75b9183db4">

Reviewer 2: Are we able to use the call-outs in commands? I think it's a good idea to keep the additional explanations out of the step itself.

Reviewer: Resolving this. I made updates

> . Create the `governance-policy-database` `Secret` resource in the namespace where {product-title-short} is installed. This is the `open-cluster-management` namespace by default and the example commands specify this as the namespace. This `Secret` resource instructs {product-title-short} to utilize this database for the policy compliance history API. If the PostgreSQL server is deployed on the {product-title-short} hub cluster and it is not exposed outside of the cluster, the `Service` object created for it can be used for the host value. The format is `<service name>.<namespace>.svc`. Note that this approach depends on the network policies of the {product-title-short} hub cluster. Run the following commands:

Reviewer: In addition to my previous suggestion ^
```suggestion
. Create the `governance-policy-database` `Secret` resource to use this database for the policy compliance history API. Note, this approach depends on the network policies of the {product-title-short} hub cluster. Run the following commands:
```

Reviewer: Applied this change

    --from-literal="dbname=ocm-compliance-history" \
  --from-literal="sslmode=verify-full" \
    --from-file="ca=<replace>" <1>
oc -n open-cluster-management label secret governance-policy-database cluster.open-cluster-management.io/backup="" <2>
----
+

> <1> The `ca` data field must specify the Certificate Authority certificate file that is used to sign the TLS certificate used by PostgreSQL. If you do not provide this value, you must change the _sslmode_ value accordingly, though it is not recommended since it reduces the security of the database connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> You must specify the Certificate Authority certificate file in the `ca` data field, which is used to sign the TLS certificate of the PostgreSQL. If you do not provide this value, you must change the _sslmode_ value accordingly, though it is not recommended since it reduces the security of the database connection.
```

Author: @dockerymick this text wasn't changed in this PR so as a rule of thumb, that should be a separate PR to not block this update. If you'd like to change this though, I like your suggestion.

+

> <2> The `cluster.open-cluster-management.io/backup` label is to backup the `Secret` resource for a {product-title-short} hub cluster restore operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> Use the `cluster.open-cluster-management.io/backup` label to backup the `Secret` resource for a {product-title-short} hub cluster restore operation.
```
